Joshua Serwatien: I end up sending to Dean clamor. Okay.
Michali Zakutinsky: okay, fine. So this is our ticketing production system, where a company can use this
Michali Zakutinsky: to communicate with their users and employees in order to to be out jobs and make sure things are getting done efficiently. so here's our front page log into our website. over here. We can enter our username. So mine is
Michali Zakutinsky: holy Z, and then let's I forgot my password. I can click forgot my password, and over here, if I enter the user name it will tell me. It'll ask me what my challenge question is. I chose
Michali Zakutinsky: and I'll put this in. Now they okay here told my passwords me how easy. So I'm gonna go out
Michali Zakutinsky: and enter this password in here.
Michali Zakutinsky: And I'm also going to click. Remember me so that every time I don't have to log in again.
Michali Zakutinsky: okay, great. So here is
Michali Zakutinsky: our dashboard, which is just pretty much a summary of all you know the tickets that were assigned to me meeting. These are the tasks that I have to do. These are tickets that the company put out, but we don't. It's not assigned yet to anybody. And here's also just the summary I 5 tickets that we're over to. They need to be taking care of
Michali Zakutinsky: And over here. Our closed versus open and over here is just the top 10 tickets. that's showing up over here, and the ones that will be due soon.
Michali Zakutinsky: on the left. We have our navigation bars. So right now, currently, we're on the dashboard we have.
Michali Zakutinsky: You can click on the tickets. We can add new tickets, notifications. We can send notifications, alerts, messages to anybody. Everybody. And over here is the summary of all different reports that we can see as well. On the top. We have a search bar over here. We you can search for whichever ticket you want, so you can do by Id or by any keyword that's found in any of the descriptions. So, for example, if I want to see a ticket with Idea one.
Michali Zakutinsky: It'll come up over here with all the information, the priority, the description to date. What's signed to its status. You can see the status history of what the status is for change.
Michali Zakutinsky:  also, I can add a note to a ticket, just you know, detail that. So what's over here? I'll do this is. you know. Just keep it just generic. You know what it's talking about and perceive, and I'll do one more
Michali Zakutinsky: and I'll save it, and I'll press close, and over here I'll see both notes, and it assigns an Id, and it tells me who created it, and I can also delete one. So there we go, delete one, and now it's just one left. We can also just go back to the search bar and search by
Michali Zakutinsky: any word that's found in the ticket. Oh, let's say this over here. Here's a ticket I I can fix, because I knew there was something I needed to be fixed. And here is the information about the ticket with its notes, status, history.
Michali Zakutinsky: that takes care of the search bar up over here to the right. We have an alert system. or you can just see how many alerts you have in the information. So over here.
Michali Zakutinsky: I can actually send one.
Michali Zakutinsky: So let's say I'll send one to myself. I can send it to anybody. Part of our team here are the different users. So they send it to myself. I'm gonna call this an alert, and I'll just put this over here. I'll call it alert. Let's say
Michali Zakutinsky: it's for 1, 2023, so we can know which one it is.
Michali Zakutinsky: and I'll press save It could take 5 min for it to be updated. But if I click so all alerts.
Michali Zakutinsky: And I go to the second page, here it is alert. 2023. The These are unread. So as soon as I click it, it will save as red.
Michali Zakutinsky: and I go back to it. And here it's red. So it's not blue anymore.
Michali Zakutinsky: we can also. So that's a that's a notification. That's an alert. And then we can also send the notification that a message which just says.
Michali Zakutinsky: and I'll send it to everybody
Michali Zakutinsky: save okay the notification with send. Go back up
Michali Zakutinsky: to my messages. It could take time
Michali Zakutinsky: see
Michali Zakutinsky: where it is over here. Hi, this is a message.
Michali Zakutinsky: Okay, it was for everybody. So it says, General. And again, I can click on red. And now it'll become red, and it's not blue anymore.
Michali Zakutinsky: that's notifications.
Michali Zakutinsky: and it takes like 5 min for it to appear on the icon over here. It refreshes every 5 min.
Michali Zakutinsky: and lastly, over here is our profile menu. So here it shows my name. You can click over here to get a random quote. So
Michali Zakutinsky: it is some
Michali Zakutinsky: over here to the decision that you just need to shaped, and you could just keep pushing that to get different ones. Here it tells me the last time I was refreshed it was actually refreshed. Just now. I can click over here for my messages on alerts, and I'll take me to that messages. Page. So that is my.
Michali Zakutinsky: it's profile. And then over here I can click, walk out, and they'll see me out, and I will let other guy. I'll continue from here.
Avigayil Marcus: Okay, great. So I'll pick up where we call you left off. How are you?
Avigayil Marcus:  So here's my dashboard. Welcome back over the Alaska which me, Holly explains. So if you go to the tickets you could also add a new ticket. So I'm going to create a new ticket with the priority of 3. Give it a test, short description.
Avigayil Marcus: and a test long description, long description over here from my ticket, and then you could manually enter due date, or you could use the date picker. So I'm gonna make this due date for 202308, and we'll make it on the seventeenth.
Avigayil Marcus: And I'm gonna assign it to me specifically, and then save this ticket.
Avigayil Marcus: I was successfully saved. If I had given the ticket a due date of the past it would not have successfully saved. And now I could, like me, Holly showed, add a new note, or update the status assigned to due date. So now I have a ticket id of 7. And just to show you that it's actually there. It's now taken to my system.
Avigayil Marcus: and if you go to reports on the side. There's an overview report which gives you an overview of all the different tickets, so you could decide to show the data labels, or you could take them away. and if you click on any of these portion segments it will
Avigayil Marcus: filter based on that. So this is the all the tickets we currently have all the tickets. If you click over here, it's just showing the tickets that are assigned to me of the over here. We just shows me colleagues.
Avigayil Marcus: and we can put them back to all of them.
Avigayil Marcus: The status ticket counts is how many of each status we have. So we have for open. We have all of them here we have one on hold. Here we have one which is in progress, and one which is canceled.
Avigayil Marcus: and if you go back to all of them, you could also manually filter just by using any of these filter icons over here, giving it. The values that you want, for example, is less than 3 or assigned to. I could say, Give me the ones that are containing the word of a guy. Let me follow you on assigned, and it'll filter based on that. So that is the ticket report that main overview report.
Avigayil Marcus: Then we have the ticker report which gives you a list of all the tickets and chart form. you could hide the tickets which are closed. So currently they are.
Avigayil Marcus: No, I didn't. So I see the cancel ticket. But if I hide the post tickets it's now gone. You could also hide the sign tickets. So it's just gonna show me the tickets which are currently unassigned. and if I want to go and change that, I could click it. And it will take me to that ticket, and you could assign it
Avigayil Marcus: back to my ticket report. You can also.
Avigayil Marcus: Yeah, we said, Hi to sign, and we said, Hide closed. great. So then, we have the ticket calendar. The ticket calendar shows you 4 different views of the tickets. We have the debut which is today the week view of the month, you and the Year View, showing you all the different tickets that are in your system. So if you go to the month view. you'll see the if it is. The eighth is today, and it's listing all my different tickets that are
Avigayil Marcus: coming to, or we do. If they were doing the past, or they're coming to the next 5 days. They're going to be red, for example, these are all red, but beyond that they are going to be blue, and if you click on a ticket it will take you to that ticket.
Avigayil Marcus: and then we have a ticket priority report which lists the tickets based on their priority. So let's say I.
Avigayil Marcus: And during a new priority it's going to sort it and give me the highest priority first, and then I could also change it, and it will re so, and it also highlights and read the ones that are top priority. And again you could click on the ticket, Id, and it'll take you to the actual ticket.
Avigayil Marcus:  so that is the ticket priority. And here we have our ports. Those are all the reports. And that is our ticket production
Avigayil Marcus: system.
Joshua Serwatien: Excellent any questions
אריאל סרוואטיין: that's really cool. First of all.
אריאל סרוואטיין: I had. I don't know if this is relevant at all. But what's what does it mean? Priority like? Is it whatever is due? First, the highest priority?
Avigayil Marcus: Great question. So I mean do first is a very good priority, but there also might be something that's much more important.
Avigayil Marcus:  I guess I guess if you do, the ones that are do first, and then you want to tackle the ones that have a higher priority in the coming days.
אריאל סרוואטיין: That's very cool.
אריאל סרוואטיין: Oh, Also, I want to ask, How do you add like, I don't know if this is a back end thing or something. But how do you add a new account? If you have, like a new employer, or whatever
Michali Zakutinsky: that has to be done. you know, in the database. Right? Correct, Professor.
Joshua Serwatien: Yeah, you don't. Don't be afraid if something done. If the functionality doesn't exist on the website, even if it's a good idea, don't be afraid to say, Yeah, that's like this phase 2,
Joshua Serwatien: yeah.
Avigayil Marcus: it could be that our. It could be that our system was built for the current employees. And we're not taking anyone new in. So right?
Joshua Serwatien: It's, it's, it's, it's either way. It's it's okay to say that it doesn't exist because it wasn't part of the it wasn't part of the first phase of the website. So whether whether or not it's it's a good idea or a bad idea, you know. Just say that it's not. It wasn't in the first phase
Joshua Serwatien: that we don't make anybody feel bad.
אריאל סרוואטיין: Yeah, I don't have any other questions. It is very cool.
Joshua Serwatien: So it all righty. Well, you're free to go. Then.